----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Troubleshooting Destruction II
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When I try to start the game I get a message saying that "dinput.dll" is missing.

  You don't have DirectX properly installed. Destruction II requires at least DirectX 7.0a
  even though I recommend you to install the latest version of DirectX. DirectX can be found
  on most full game cd, most magazine cover cds or it can be download from 
   http://www.microsoft.com/windows/directx/downloads/default.asp.
  Since DirectX is quite big (about 10 mb), I recommend trying to find a cd which contains it
  rather than downloading it if you don't have a fast internet connection.

-----

I am having trouble controlling the game. Sometimes the keys doesn't respond.

 If single keystrokes are lost without other keys being pressed down your computer is probably
 too slow for Destruction II. Please send your system specifications (operating system, 
 processor, graphics card & RAM) to support@destruction.nu. If the problem only appear when
 several keys are pressed, read the solution below.

 This is, I'm afraid, a hardware limitation. The standard keyboard communicates with the PC
 in a rather complicated way. By pressing two keys you sometime rule out the possibility to
 press a few others. I have not found anyway around this problem. By choosing
 new keys, new problems will occur. By using the default keyset only a few minor problems will
 occur. It is the best combination found so far. I you have a better one, please tell send
 a mail about it.
  A solution is of course to use a joystick. Make sure to get one with at least 10 buttons +
 movement keys. Destruction II supports up to two joysticks though most joysticks can only
 be used one at a time (this is a hardware/Windows limitation).
 Another possible solution is to use keys which aren't organized like the 
 arrow keys (.:.) for instance ESCF (instead of ESDF). To use the default keyset, delete 
 or rename the "Data\keys.config" file and replace it with a copy of "Data\default.config"
 which you rename to "Data\keys.config".

-----

The game flickers something enormeously.

 You have to enable DirectX's framesync somehow. How you enable this varies from videocard
 to videocard and from driver to driver. You are supposed to look for some option which is 
 DirectX or Direct3D (aka D3D) related. 
 On the videocard used to make Destruction, a Voodoo 3 3000, you enable framesync by 
 rightclicking on the desktop and then selecting 
 Properties->[Settings Tab]->Advanced->3dfx Advanced features->Direct3D->%Speed%
 and selecting %Normal2% instead of %Fastest%. It is not always very easy to find this
 option if you are unexperienced. You are on the other hand not very likely to run into this
 problem if you haven't played around with a the options. 
 Try consulting your videocard manufacturer or try searching the internet for a solution.
 If you suceed in solving this problem and have another video card than Voodoo 3, please
 send an email to support@destruction.nu and your solution will be added to this guide.

-----

The players break up, appear on eachothers screens and seem to get stuck inside walls.

 This is a bug I never managed to solve. Please send an email to the address found below and 
 describe what graphics card, processor, RAM, operating system, joysticks & keyboard you are
 using. If you can help me to fix this bug you will be awarded a free license!


If you have any other problems, send an email to support@destruction.nu